# DGL-114-process_portfolio
## By- Harsimranjit(Sam) Kaur
### week-1
**Activity 0101:-
There are lots of apps now a days and judging wheather an app is good or poor is quite a challenge. I brainstromed alot on which two apps to choose but didn't ended on a valuable conclusion. So i tried to do a little survey on what kind of app people prefer.I just asked some of my friends and part-time co-workers which app they think is best and which app they find worse and why they do so?There were variety of answers but one thing that i found was that most of them were comparing the best and worst app with each other or with other apps. I have two accounts in two differnet bank one is Scotia and other one is ICICI. So I decided to compare the two mobile banking apps of two different banks.There was not much research needed cause i have used both of them.\
SCOTIA BANKING APP:- The main purpose of an app is to solve problem for the user which scotia banking is doing perfectly. It is very stable and provides updates on regular bases. The Interface of the app is very simple and easy to navigate. The products and packages are provided according to the type of bank account for e.g if you have a student advantage account like i do it will provide you products related to your GIC and students loans, etc. This is one of the feature that i like the most that it analysis what kind of banking the user is interested in and then gives them the accurate information and deals related to it. It provides unique and real cusytomer service. It is very fast and convenient. It is provided bpoth on iOs and Android platform.\**

**ICICI BANKING APP:- Firstly it is very difficult to login.Sometimes there were some urgent emergencies and the app would show under maintenance.Whenever you install updated version it becomes difficult to sign in, as the app doesn't take the password. The interface of the app is very boring and confusing. It is hard to navigate and find things cause there are lot of options that are not even related to your banking account.Tracking in-app analytics is hard as compared to scotia banking app/
So i think that Scotia Banking app is best and ICICI banking app need to work on some aspects that are really improtant.Improving them will create better user experience. **
